# Era_of_Strings
I'll write more here in the future.
This is a mod for Battle of Wesnoth.


## Faction overview
- Victrus National Guard - Militant hand of the Emperor, responsible for keeping the government secure and the Stringless Puppets at bay. Lots of guns with a ranged focus. 
- Sweepers - Outlaws working in the streets where the National Guard don't dare venture. Folk heroes to some, criminals to others. Well rounded do-it-alls, but better at melee.
- Puppet Masters Association - Guild dominating in industry and automation, army is a mix of humans and Puppets that tend to be quite specialised but amazing at their specialty. Most access to alternative damage types from weapons like tesla coils or flamethrowers. 
- Double Helix Guild - Guild of doctors conducting secret experiments behind closed doors, army is made up of augmented humans and artificial life homunculi. Units are more tanky than usual and there's more regeneration and healing.
- Stringless Puppets - Puppets gone crazy attempting to kill all humans, army is chaotic and great at melee focused but generally pretty middling at ranged combat. 


## Lore Primer: 
It is the late 1800s in the Victrus Empire, an empire defined by technological innovation. One hundred years ago, the genius inventor Geppetto created the first Puppet, a tiny robotic doll with dreams of one day becoming a real boy. Giving away the screts of the 'Thinking Cores' that brought this doll to life for free, Geppetto started a grand industrial revolution, with all parts of Society begun to be automated by Puppets. No more would man toil on the farms when a puppet could do it for them. No more would man risk life and limb in the factories when humans need not apply. Though he may have ultimately died in poverty, Geppetto's dream is seen throughout the empire, with major Guilds all competing to reach the next breakthrough in Puppetcraft. This dream would eventually come to bring the empire to its knees.

It is fast approaching the 4th anniversary of the birth of the Mistake Machine. Almost four years ago, the greatest Puppeteers in Victrus hailing from the Puppet Masters Association, the empire's most powerful guild, all worked together to create a Puppet that could reach the realm of the gods. It is not known precisely what forbidden technologies they crammed into that infernal machine, but whatever they did surpassed all expectations. As factory lines stalled, mechanical servants halted in place and military Puppets stared at their weapons, a minute of confusion spread through the empire. Then, it started. Puppets began killing humans indiscriminately, ancient relics of generations past rose from landfills with an unquenchable rage. The Uprising devestated the Victrus Empire, with the war against the Mistake Machine's forces still continuing to this day. Not all Puppets would be effected by The Uprising, with those that did being classified as Stringless Puppets. While only Geppetto could have possibly known the true reason that some Puppets where seemingly immune to the Mistake Machine's grasp, religious groups have begun to claim to the sentience of Puppets, that only automatons treated with respect had the spiritual power to resist the demon's lull. As the war between man and machine continues on, more and more have begun to echo these sentiments.

Fearing a full blown religious technocratic revolution, the Emperor disbanded the police, giving full powers to the Victrus National Guard to enforce law and order exactly how they please, protected from the reprucusions of their actions by his authority. More focused with maintaining the appearance of stability rather than anything else, the common man suffered under the thumb of criminals and guilds who where able to do as they pleased. This resulted in the formation of the Sweepers, gangs of criminals, mercenaries, downtrodden civilians and ex national guardsmen who took it upon themselves to both profit from the chaos and keep their families fed and protected. The line between organised crime and neighbourhood action was practically erased as Sweepers roamed the back alleys and slums of major cities, seen either as folk heroes or dangerous criminals depending on who you ask. Neither answer is really wrong.

Because of The Uprising, the dominance of the Puppet Masters Association has wained heavily, with many smaller guilds looking to get their slice of the pie. While they used to be the undisputed corporate masters of the city, that reality is no more, with one major competitor primed to take their crown. The Double Helix Guild are the pioneers of modern day medicine and biology, inventing many of the tools and treatments that have no doubt saved countless lives. While none of this is false, they're capable of doing so much more. Their crowning achievement and biggest secret is the creation of Homunculi, artificial life itself, sentient in the same way a wild animal might be. Not content with just creating life, they also enhance it, many of their members augmented with superhuman capabilities and stripped of the emotions and fears that hold back humans from their full potential. Alchemists of the guild see these accomplishments as stepping stones, mere tools and experimental in furtherance of their real goal, to create the perfect Human being. Depending on who specifically you ask, the answer to what the 'Perfect Human' is can vary quite radically.

Desperate to maintain their position at the top, the Puppet Masters Association is locked in a deady corporate war with the Double Helix Guild, though where you to ask the average citizen, they wouldn't know a thing. The two guilds fight in the shadows, using mercenaries, spies and proxies to sabotage each other as much as possible. When the conditions are appripriately clandestine, and tensions have reached a high point, both sides even deploy in armed conflict, pitting the most dangerous Homunculi and most advanced Puppets against each other. This arms race between the two has lead to some of the most dangerous weapons mankind has ever invented, weapons that both guilds agree should never be revealed to the world at large, a horrifying moment of clarity shared between the two.

The Empire is slowly crumbling from forces within and without. Gangs rule the street while guilds start to rule the cities, the National Guard doing little to prevent either. Corporate wars are prioritised over the war against the Mistake Machine, while the warmth of religion begins to replace the comfort of pre-Uprising life. While Victrus has never been more unstable, its people have never been more motivated either, as inventors push against the clock to mark their names in the history books during these chaotic times. Many heroes have risen through the conflict, and many more will rise. Humanity will persevere, as they have always done, as they will always do.

